Transform Rules:

  Update cases:

  Case name: Package Rename
  Command line argument: -tr, --renames
  Rule content: Specifies a package rename as a key-value pair which maps an initial package name to a final package name.
  Wildcards:  The initial package name can contain a ".*" suffix which indicates
              sub-packages are to be matched.  For example:

                    javax.servlet.*=jakartax.servlet

                    This will cause subpackages like javax.servlet.annotation 
                    to be replaced by jakartax.servlet.annotation

      Used by: Class action

          Class applications:

              * Changes the names of classes which reside in a renamed package.
              * Changes the resource/paths of classes which reside in a renamed package.
              * Changes references to the renamed package.
              * Changes string constants which contain the renamed package.

      Used by: Service configuration loader action

          Service configuration loader applications:

              * Changes the names of resource configuration files which include the renamed package.
              * Changes the values within resource configuration files which include the renamed package.

      Used by: Java action

          Java applications:

              * Changes any source text which includes the renamed package.

      Used by: Manifest action

          Manifest applications:

              * Updates any property values which include the renamed package.

      Used by: Feature manifest action

          Feature manifest applications:

              * Same as manifest applications.

  Case name: Version Update
      Command line argument: -tv, --version
      Rule content: Specifies a package version assignment as a key-value pair which maps an package name to a version range.
      Wildcards: None

      Used by: Manifest action

          Manifest applications:

              * Updates version values of package references which occur in OSGi attributes "DynamicImport-Package", "Export-Package", "Import-Package", "Subsystem-Content", and "IBM-API-Package".
              Version updates are performed after performing package rename updates.

      Used by: Feature manifest action

          Feature manifest applications:

              * Same as manifest applications 

  Case name: Bundle identity update
      Command line argument: -tb, --bundles
      Rule content: Specifies a bundle identity update as key-value pair, mapping an initial bundle symbolic name to a comma delimited list of bundle identity update information. The bundle update information consists of a final bundle symbolic value, a version value for the final bundle, a name for the final bundle, and a description for the final bundle.
      Wildcards: The final bundle name and final bundle description values support a leading '+', which indicates that the final value will be appended to the corresponding initial value.

      Used by: Manifest action

      Manifest action applications

          * For each manifest which contains a "Bundle-SymbolicName" which matches a specified bundle symbolic name, updates the bundle properties "Bundle-SymbolicName", "Bundle-Version", "Bundle-Name", and "Bundle-Description" using the supplied bundle identity update values.

      Used by: Feature manifest action

      Feature manifest action applications:

          * Same as manifest applications

  Case name: Class simple string update
      Command line argument: -td, --direct 
      Rule content: Specifes a simple string replacement as a key value pair, mapping an initial text value to a final text value. 
      Wildcards: None

      Used by: Class action

          Class applications:

              * Updates each string constant which matches an initial value exactly with the final value.

  Case name: XML simple string update
      Command line argument: -tf
      Rule content: Specifies simple string updates to XML files using two tiers of properties.  The first tier key-value pairs map the XML file names you want to update to the second tier property file names.  The second tier property files contain key-value pairs which specify simple string updates.  The keys are the strings to be updated.  The values are the replacement strings.
      Wildcards: XML file names (keys only) may include an * wildcard.

      Used by: XML action

          XML action applications:

              * Each XML file which matches one of the first tier keys is updated by applying each of the selected second tier key-value pairs, performing simple text substitution on the raw text of the XML file. 
